Template schema docs (#134)
astrodbtoolkit/astrodb_utils: docs/pages/dev_docs/developer_installation.rst

Linting and Formatting
---------------------

> Use `ruff <https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/>`_ for linting and formatting. (TODO: add something about pre-commit hook.)

Author: @dr-rodriguez Want to add something about pre-commit hook here?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `ruff <https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/>`_ for linting and formatting.    
A pre-commit hook is provided for automatic linting and formatting with ruff. To use it, run `pip install pre-commit` and then `pre-commit install --allow-missing-config`.
```
